Con-697-API-endpoint-ageCategories/getAll-make-serviceId-optional-update-Documentation (#658)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: changelog/README.md

# Changelog

> ## 26th September 2024
> * Mark  `ServiceIds` as optional.
>   * [Get all age categories](../operations/agecategories.md#get-all-age-categories)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 27th September 2024
* Mark filtering parameter `ServiceIds` as optional in [Get all age categories](../operations/agecategories.md#get-all-age-categories).
```
I would change to word and update date to today
